Let's go
Mr. Gu, you and Rosen
You said yesterday not to disturb him
Why are you two having a baby today? Shh.
Keep it down. He just woke up.
accident
But he's also divorced.
I'm with him legally
It is so nice of you.
You finally stop for your own feelings
Deliberately alienated him
Congratulations, Mr. Gu
But still give him a name
Can't be wronged by him
Do you want to marry her?
Then I'm going to find a wedding planning team now
Should I propose first?
Of course!
Mr. Gu, the bracelet you bought last time.
It finally came in handy this time
However, you are still missing a ring.
I'll find someone to customize it for you.
Then I want to propose to her tomorrow.
You can customize a wedding ring.
You can buy the engagement ring at the store and buy it tomorrow morning.
You stay here and make sure he's safe
Time is running out
I hope he likes it.
Hello Mr. Gu
The dew was taken away. What did you do?
Didn't I tell you to look at him?
I Am a Man
It's a bit inconvenient to take care of him
I'm looking for a nurse
Just then, the nurse introduced a
So I followed him outside.
When he came back, he was gone.
Fell to the ground
Dew had obvious resistance
Check the surveillance for me immediately
Already checked
It was taken by two men
But they all wear hats and masks
It is still unclear who ordered it.
Then keep checking
If you can't find it
You cut yourself off